Oh, this picture has been
a disaster, darling,
a complete disaster.
We've had to stop shooting
because there's been
torrential rain for days.
So there's nothing I can do
besides sit and wait.
I don't think I'll be back till
late next week at the earliest,
but I've had time
to go shopping,
and I'm having lots
of wonderful presents sent.
I hope you'll like them.
They're coming on Daddy's jet,
so you should have them tonight.
Thanks, Mom.
Mom, there's something I did
which I'm not supposed to.
Christopher, what happened?
Are you all right?
Yeah, I'm totally fine.
But remember how you said
I'm not allowed to swim at night
and how you wanted me to stay
away from the adult pool?
Did you go swimming in the adult
pool at night by yourself?
Well, not exactly.
You see, there was this cat
in the pool, and I got it out.
Oh, you have a big heart,
just like I do.
Next time, ring for Mr. Tanaka,
and he'll take care of things.
Oh, darling, I must run.
Kiss Mummy goodbye.
- [Smooches]
Ciao, sweetheart.
Take a good look.
I'm a hedgehog, not a cat.
I know.
Please don't be mad.
You see, my mom
wouldn't understand.
Why wouldn't she?
Well, first of all,
she knows I wouldn't risk
diving into a pool
in the middle of the night
to save a little hedgehog.
Really?
What else could I say to her?
I couldn't tell her that I
saved a blue, talking hedgehog.
That reminds me.
Where and when did you
learn how to talk?
Good question.
Unfortunately, I don't have
a very good answer,
'cause I don't remember.
[Telephone rings]
Hello?
- Chris, is everything all right?
- Hey, Dad, how are you?
I'm fine, but your mother
just told me
you made an emergency rescue
last night.
I guess our security system
can't protect against stray cats
that decide they want to go
for a moonlight swim.
Chris, I know you like animals,
but what you did was dangerous.
Were you hurt?
Did the cat scratch you?
Mnh-mnh.
No scratches at all.
I'm fine, Dad.
Honest, I am.
It really wasn't
that big a deal.
After I jumped in
and got it out of the water,
it was really happy.
I could tell.
Yeah, gotcha, yeah.
Besides, I could have had
Grandpa or Ella or Mr. Tanaka
to help me if I needed to.
Don't worry, Dad.
They're taking good care of me.
Yeah, they better be.
Listen, Chris, I've got
an important meeting to run to.
You call me anytime
you need anything,
and no more
late-night swims, promise?
Okay, Dad, I promise.
See you soon.
[Sighs]
[Chuckles nervously]
I almost forgot.
You must be pretty hungry.
I was thinking you might like
to have something to eat.
Yeah, I guess I could go
for something.
What's on the menu?
I checked out hedgehogs
on the Internet
and found the perfect thing.
What is this?!
Cat food.
Blah! No wonder.
Tastes like there's cat in it.
The website I went to said
most hedgehogs love cat food.
I guess that doesn't go
for all hedgehogs.
I can get you a bowl
of crickets.
No!
Please don't run away.
Sorry, kid, but crickets
don't do it for me.
I'll get whatever you want,
but just don't go!
Huh!
See ya!
Come back!
Sonic, you could get hurt
out there!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
The supersonic speed demon seen
here on police helicopter video
has the city baffled.
It was about this high.
It was blue,
and it looked like a freak.
I was doing about 60 when
this thing went right by me.
That thing moved too fast
to be a regular animal.
As to the question of whether
this is a U. M.A.
Unidentified Mutant Animal.
It is positively not.
Even the cheetah, which is
widely believed to be
the fastest member
of the animal kingdom,
cannot outrun a
speeding Formula 1 police car.
Because of this,
the inescapable conclusion
one must inevitably come to is
that this so-called hedgehog
is in reality a machine.
There you are.
Guess what?
A big, blue hedgehog
came out of nowhere
and outran the S-Team yesterday.
Aah!
[Muffled] Hey! Cut it out!
I can't breathe!
Uhh!
Hmm.
Blue.
Just like that...
[Gasps]
It's him!
Easy, Grandpa!
Grandpa, what are you doing?!
I have to see how this thing
is put together.
Stand still!
Grandpa, wait.
He's not a machine.
He's Sonic the Hedgehog.
Ahh.
WOMAN ON TV: Now let's go live
to this late-breaking story.
[Whimpering]
Oh, please!
Please, leave us alone!
It's Cream and Cheese.
It's who?
I'm not the only one
who got transported
into this weird world after all.
I'll save those two.
Do you know where they are?
I thought they'd do something
along those lines.
Well, thanks for giving me
the scoop,
and I'll talk to you soon.
Well, Sonic's friends
have been captured by the police
and moved to Area 99.
Area 99?
That's that top-secret
military base.
What?
It's where the National Defense
Force keeps their tanks,
fighter jets,
and high-tech spy equipment.
That sounds like Eggman's
kind of place.
Your friends have been taken
there by the army
and placed under 24-hour guard.
The authorities believe
they could be aliens
or perhaps members
of a mutant species
developed by an enemy power
designed to attack
our population.
I wonder if they might
not be right, Sonic, eh?
Think what you want.
I'm gone.
Now that I know where
my friends are, I'm outta here.
But if you show up at Area 99,
they'll lock you up, too.
They can't lock me up.
Whoa!
Open that door.
Don't look at me.
I didn't do it.
It was me.
Huh?
You're gonna need
some help, Sonic.
I'll go with you.
Grandpa, are you serious?
Of course I'm serious,
and you're coming along, too.
You told me you don't want to
lead a boring life,
so here's your chance
for excitement.
Well, if you're up for it,
I'm up for it.
Just don't tell Dad.
All right!
Let's get going.
It's gonna take forever
to get there.
I'd rather just go by myself.
Chill out.
Is it time?
It's time.
Put it on.
What's this?
An infrared scope.
I'm certain that Area 99 is full
of infrared motion detectors
that set off security alarms.
If you wear that,
you may be able to avoid them.
Mm-hmm.
See ya later, guys.
He certainly is a speedy
little critter, isn't he?
Yeah!
Identification number F219563
confirmed.
We didn't do anything.
Please let us out.
[Gasps]
What kind of place is this?
Cheese, we've got to get
out of here.
Sonic, can you hear me?
Yeah.
Remember, when you get
to the main building,
go in through an air vent.
That should be a blind spot
for security.
- Got it?
- Got it.
But, Grandpa,
after he gets inside,
how will he find
where his friends are?
Give me that!
Listen to me, Sonic.
Once you get inside,
you won't have much time,
so think quickly
and act quickly.
Grandpa, what if he doesn't?
Thanks for the tip.
I'm going in.
Intruder alert, Sector "D."
Ha ha ha!
Oh!
I'm inside the air vent.
Be careful.
[Groans]
It feels like I have
skid marks on my butt.
Oh?
How's it look in there, Sonic?
Just great.
This'll be a piece of cake.
[Grunts]
I'm too fast for 'em.
Heads up.
Searching for intruder.
I wonder if he's okay.
[Whimpering]
[All gasp]
- I don't like this.
- Chao!
[Thinking] Hmm,
maybe that's where they are.
I have to get inside
and check it out.
This won't be easy.
If it was just me,
I could get out quick,
but if I have to bring
Cream and Cheese with me,
I can't get too reckless.
Abnormality detected
in the electrical system.
Aw, great.
Now we can't see anything!
- [Glass breaks]
- What the...
Hey, where'd they go?
- Soni...
- Shh!
Chao! Chao! Chao! Chao!
[Laughs]
Over there!
- Let's go.
- Right.
What are these things?
[Gasps] Somebody has
sabotaged the whole system.
Boys, let's move it.
We need the power back now.
Wow, Sonic.
How did you shut off
all the electricity?
I didn't do it, Cream.
I guess it just happened.
Maybe it just happened
because you bring good luck
everywhere you go, Sonic.
You might be right.
- [Gasps]
- Chao!
I shouldn't have said anything.
I must be a jinx.
This isn't your fault.
Cream, hang on!
Right.
Aah!
[Alarm blaring]
Sonic, what's going on?
Are you and your
friends all right?
Not exactly.
- Sonic!
- Run!
Keep running!
Right.
D-2 area lockdown in progress.
The door.
We can't make it out!
Hey, what are they?
I don't understand.
What's going on?
We can't stick around
to find out.
Facility lockdown in progress.
[Voice slows]
Facility lockdown in prog...
- Huh?
The laser surveillance cameras
are out of control!
Sonic, are we going
to make it out?
Don't worry.
We'll make it!
Aah!
[Whimpering]
See, Cream?
I told you we'd make it,
and we did.
You didn't doubt me, did you?
Mnh-mnh.
Thank you for saving us.
Ah, anytime, Cream.
Anytime.
- Huh?
- [Whirring]
Hey, what's that?
Huh?
Sounds like a plane.
The Tornado!
This must be the place.
All right, Sonic!
Hey!
Ha ha!
It was you.
You're the one who helped us
get out of there.
I helped,
but Sonic's the real hero.
Well, Chris,
mission accomplished.
Let's head for home.
My name's Christopher.
Sonic landed
in our pool last night,
and I dove in and saved him.
My name's Tails,
and I'm Sonic's very best buddy.
Right, Sonic?
Correct.
My name is Cream,
and this is my very special
Chao friend, Cheese.
Thanks for helping us.
It's very nice
to meet all of you.
I have a feeling we're all gonna
become really good friends.
Oh, and this is my grandfather.
Extraordinary.
Tiny,
radio-controlled airplanes.
Extraordinary.
We've got lots of neat gadgets.
Listen, Sonic, this isn't some
game we're playing, you know.
You could have gotten us
all thrown in jail.
Maybe I could've,
but I didn't, did I?
Couldn't you try
to be more careful?
This is an amazing piece
of equipment.
It goes beyond anything
I've ever seen.
How did you develop it?
It's nothing special,
not in the world we come from.
And where exactly
is that world, Tails?
Beats me.
But I think we got here through
a warp in time and space.
Hmm.
Very interesting.
Not very helpful,
but interesting.
[Chuckles]
I just thought of something.
If you and me
and Cream and Cheese are here,
maybe the others got here, too.
You might be right
about that, Tails,
and if you are,
that means maybe...
BOTH:
Eggman's here, too.
So...
we were transported into
this world by Chaos Control.
Very well, then.
I'll rebuild the foundation
of the Eggman Empire here,
and soon,
I'll rule the entire universe.
[Laughs evilly]